so how do evils target and safely catch
to rest real prey to find out Lloyd has
come to Scotland
to put his Golden Eagle Tilley to the
test
but first he needs something for her to
this is Robo here
designed and created by tech wizard
Chris Watts with a fake fur coat and
high speed motors it can blend into the
underworld or flash across the open it's
also fitted with an onboard 360 camera
to capture all of the action okay she's
gonna rare get ready okay in a matter of
seconds Tilly locks onto her tongue
she's gotten she's done it thank you
very much Jenny
good girl it's a challenge Tilly's
hunting ability they repeat the test in
different conditions go from strong
wings and overcast skies to bright
something
but the outcome is the same
to reveal the secret to our success we
need to go through the footage frame by
frame first Tilly keeps a constant lock
on mobile here's position
next she uses her wings to adjust her
trajectory as the wind changes
she keeps her legs tucked in to stay
aerodynamic then just a quarter of a
second before impact she swings her feet
forwards so both eyes can see Robbo here
she makes perfect contact
oh what a gal good but as a good eagle
[Music]